# qmk generate-autocorrect-data keyboards/sofle/keymaps/ryankupk/autocorrect_dictionary.txt -kb sofle -km ryankupk
:acheiv       -> achiev
:agian        -> again
:agred        -> agreed
:ajust        -> adjust
:alot:        -> a lot
:andthe       -> and the
:anual        -> annual
:asign        -> assign
:aslo:        -> also
:asthe        -> as the
:atthe        -> at the
:casue        -> cause
:choses       -> chooses
:cna:         -> can
:eveyr        -> every
:foudn        -> found
:gaurd        -> guard
:goign        -> going
:gonig        -> going
:graet        -> great
:grammer      -> grammar
:guage        -> gauge
:haev         -> have
:hapen        -> happen
:htere        -> there
:htikn        -> think
:htink        -> think
:hwihc        -> which
:hwile        -> while
:idaes        -> ideas
:jstu:        -> just
:jsut:        -> just
:knwo         -> know
:konw         -> know
:kwno         -> know
:moeny        -> money
:ocuntry      -> country
:ocur         -> occur
:olther       -> other
:otehr        -> other
:owudl        -> would
:payed        -> paid
:rference     -> reference
:sicne        -> since
:socre        -> score
:szie         -> size
:the:the:     -> the
:theri        -> their
:thier        -> their
:thsoe        -> those
:tothe        -> to the
:ture         -> true
:turth        -> truth
:uesd:        -> used
:usally       -> usually
:wether       -> whether
:yaers        -> years
abbout        -> about
aberation     -> aberration
abilties      -> abilities
abilty        -> ability
abotu         -> about
abouta        -> about a
aboutit       -> about it
aboutthe      -> about the
abvove        -> above
accesories    -> accessories
accomadate    -> accommodate
accommadate   -> accommodate
accomodate    -> accommodate
acomodate     -> accommodate
acomadate     -> accommodate
accross       -> across
acheive       -> achieve
acommadate    -> accommodate
acommodate    -> accommodate
acomplish     -> accomplish
acquaintence  -> acquaintance
actualy       -> actually
acurate       -> accurate
acutally      -> actually
addtion       -> addition
adviced       -> advised
adviseable    -> advisable
againnst      -> against
aganist       -> against
aggreed       -> agreed
agianst       -> against
ahppn         -> happen
albe:         -> able
aledge        -> allege
alegiance     -> allegiance
alledge       -> allege
allegience    -> allegiance
allign        -> align
almsot        -> almost
alomst        -> almost
alwasy        -> always
alwyas        -> always
amatuer       -> amateur
amature       -> amateur
ammend        -> amend
anohter       -> another
anomolous     -> anomalous
anomoly       -> anomaly
anytying      -> anything
aparent       -> apparent
aparrent      -> apparent
apparant      -> apparent
apparrent     -> apparent
aquaintance   -> acquaintance
aquire        -> acquire
aroud         -> around
arround       -> around
arund         -> around
assocaites    -> associates
asthetic      -> aesthetic
auxilary      -> auxiliary
auxillary     -> auxiliary
auxilliary    -> auxiliary
availabe      -> available
availaible    -> available
availble      -> available
availiable    -> available
avalable      -> available
avaliable     -> available
avilable      -> available
baceause      -> because
bandwith      -> bandwidth
bankrupcy     -> bankruptcy
baout         -> about
beacuse       -> because
becasue       -> because
beccause      -> because
becouse       -> because
becuase       -> because
bedore        -> before
beeing        -> being
befoer        -> before
begginer      -> beginner
beggining     -> beginning
begginning    -> beginning
begining      -> beginning
beleif        -> belief
beleive       -> believe
belive        -> believe
beteen        -> between
beween        -> between
bewteen       -> between
breif         -> brief
buisness      -> business
burried       -> buried
busness       -> business
bussiness     -> business
cacheing      -> caching
calander      -> calendar
calender      -> calendar
caluclate     -> calculate
caluculate    -> calculate
calulate      -> calculate
camoflage     -> camouflage
catagory      -> category
cauhgt        -> caught
cematery      -> cemetery
cemetary      -> cemetery
ceratin       -> certain
certian       -> certain
changable     -> changeable
cheif         -> chief
chekc         -> check
childen       -> children
chnage        -> change
choosen       -> chosen
cieling       -> ceiling
circut        -> circuit
claer         -> clear
clasic        -> classic
clound        -> cloud
cmoputer      -> computer
coform        -> conform
cognizent     -> cognizant
collegue      -> colleague
comapny       -> company
comit         -> commit
comming:      -> coming
commited      -> committed
commitee      -> committee
competance    -> competence
competant     -> competent
complier      -> compiler
concensus     -> consensus
considerd     -> considered
contian       -> contain
copywrite:    -> copyright
cosnt         -> const
coudl         -> could
coutn         -> count
clt           -> ctl
decieve       -> deceive
dervied       -> derived
desicion      -> decision
desparate     -> desperate
didnot        -> did not
diferent      -> different
diferrent     -> different
differnt      -> different
diffrent      -> different
dilema        -> dilemma
disapoint     -> disappoint
dissapoint    -> disappoint
divison       -> division
dosen't       -> doesn't
doulbe        -> double
dyanmic       -> dynamic
effecient     -> efficient
elasped       -> elapsed
eligable      -> eligible
elpased       -> elapsed
embarass      -> embarrass
embeded       -> embedded
encypt        -> encrypt
entrepeneur   -> entreperneur
entreprenur   -> entreperneur
excecut       -> execut
excercise     -> exercise
exhilerate    -> exhilarate
exilerate     -> exhilarate
existance     -> existence
failse        -> false
fales         -> false
fasle         -> false
feild         -> field
finaly        -> finally
firend        -> friend
firts         -> first
fitler        -> filter
flase         -> false
follwo        -> follow
foriegn       -> foreign
foward        -> forward
fraciton      -> fraction
freind        -> friend
frequecy      -> frequency
fromthe       -> from the
fucntion      -> function
fufill        -> fulfill
fullfill      -> fulfill
futher        -> further
ganerate      -> generate
garantee      -> guarantee
gaurantee     -> guarantee
generaly      -> generally
govement      -> government
govenment     -> government
goverment     -> government
governmnet    -> government
govorment     -> government
govornment    -> government
greatful      -> grateful
guaratee      -> guarantee
harrass       -> harass
heigher       -> higher
heigth        -> height
heirarchy     -> hierarchy
hieght        -> height
higest        -> highest
howver        -> however
hydogen       -> hydrogen
hygeine       -> hygiene
hygene        -> hygiene
hygine        -> hygiene
hypocracy     -> hypocrisy
hypocrasy     -> hypocrisy
hypocricy     -> hypocrisy
hypocrit:     -> hypocrite
iamge         -> image
imediately    -> immediately
importamt     -> important
inclued       -> include
indeces       -> indices
indecies      -> indices
indicies      -> indices
indispensible -> indispensable
inital        -> initial
innoculate    -> inoculate
insted        -> instead
inteligence   -> intelligence
interator     -> iterator
intput        -> input
intrest       -> interest
invliad       -> invalid
jewelery      -> jewelry
judgement     -> judgment
kbue          -> kube
laguage       -> language
largst        -> largest
learnign      -> learning
lenght        -> length
levle         -> level
liasion       -> liaison
libary        -> library
licence       -> license
liesure:      -> leisure
liesurely     -> leisurely
likly         -> likely
lisence       -> license
lisense       -> license
listner       -> listener
littel        -> little
liyt:         -> lity
looses:       -> loses
looup         -> lookup
macthing      -> matching
maintence     -> maintenance
manefist      -> manifest
mesage        -> message
millennium    -> millenium
miniscule     -> minuscule
mischevious   -> mischievous
mischevous    -> mischievous
mischievious  -> mischievous
mispell       -> misspell
misspel:      -> misspell
morgage       -> mortgage
mysefl        -> myself
namesapce     -> namespace
namespcae     -> namespace
naturual      -> natural
neccesary     -> necessary
necesary      -> necessary
nulltpr       -> nullptr
ocasion       -> occasion
ocassion      -> occasion
occassion     -> occasion
occured       -> occurred
occurence     -> occurrence
ocurred       -> occurred
ocurrence     -> occurrence
omision       -> omission
ommision      -> omission
operaotr      -> operator
ouptut        -> output
ouput         -> output
overide       -> override
ovveride      -> override
pallete       -> palette
paralel       -> parallel
parralel      -> parallel
parrallel     -> parallel
particualr    -> particular
paticular     -> particular
peaple        -> people
peice         -> piece
peolpe        -> people
peopel        -> people
percieve      -> perceive
perhasp       -> perhaps
perheaps      -> perhaps
perhpas       -> perhaps
perphas       -> perhaps
persue        -> pursue
poeople       -> people
poeple        -> people
poitner       -> pointer
posess        -> possess
possesion     -> possession
postion       -> position
preiod        -> period
primarly      -> primarily
privelege     -> privilege
priviledge    -> privilege
privte        -> private
probablly     -> probably
probaly       -> probably
probelm       -> problem
proccess      -> process
proeprty      -> property
profesor      -> professor
proffessor    -> professor
prominant     -> prominent
proove        -> prove
propery       -> property
propogate     -> propagate
psuedo        -> pseudo
publically    -> publicly
pyton         -> python
pytohn        -> python
questionaire  -> questionnaire
raelly        -> really
realtion      -> relation
realy         -> really
reasearch     -> research
reccomend     -> recommend
receiev       -> receiv
recepient     -> recipient
reciept       -> receipt
reciev        -> receiv
recipiant     -> recipient
recomend      -> recommend
recrod        -> record
recuring      -> recurring
referece      -> reference
refered       -> referred
regluar       -> regular
relaly        -> really
releated      -> related
relevent      -> relevant
repitition    -> repetition
reponse       -> response
reprot        -> report
resutl        -> result
retrun        -> return
retun         -> return
reuslt        -> result
reutrn        -> return
reveiw        -> review
rythm         -> rhythm
saftey        -> safety
safty         -> safety
satisifed     -> satisfied
scheduel      -> schedule
secratary     -> secretary
secretery     -> secretary
seperat       -> separat
sequnce       -> sequence
shoudl        -> should
sieze         -> seize
similiar      -> similar
simmilar      -> similar
singel        -> single
slighly       -> slightly
spectogram    -> spectrogram
statment      -> statement
stirng        -> string
stregth       -> strength
strengh       -> strength
strign        -> string
succesful     -> successful
successfull:  -> successful
succsess      -> success
sucess        -> success
sugest        -> suggest
sumary        -> summary
supress       -> suppress
surpress      -> suppress
swithc        -> switch
swtich        -> switch
symetric      -> symmetric
teamplate     -> template
tempalte      -> template
htat          -> that
taht          -> that
:teh          -> the
theese        -> these
therfore      -> therefore
thign         -> thing
thigsn        -> things
thikn         -> think
thiunk        -> think
thnigs        -> things
thresold      -> threshold
throught      -> thought
tihkn         -> think
tino:         -> tion
toin          -> tion
tkaes         -> takes
todya         -> today
toghether     -> together
tolerence     -> tolerance
tomatos       -> tomatoes
tommorow      -> tomorrow
tommorrow     -> tomorrow
tongiht       -> tonight
tranpose      -> transpose
typcial       -> typical
udpate        -> update
unkown        -> unknown
unqiue        -> unique
ususally      -> usually
vaccum        -> vacuum
vaccuum       -> vacuum
verticies     -> vertices
virutal       -> virtual
vitual        -> virtual
hwat          -> what
waht          -> what
whcih         -> which
whereever     -> wherever
wherre        -> where
whihc         -> which
whlch         -> which
widht         -> width
wierd         -> weird
wieght        -> weight
wihch         -> which
woudl         -> would
yeasr         -> years
yeild         -> yield
